1. We ran the zip file into lostmypass.com, which return a password of "passw0rd"
2. Kaylee, Tim, and Tommy found an ftp ip adress by reverse engineering 1.exe
3. We logged into the ftp with anonymous and used program 3 in folder 7 to get an ftp user and password
4. We then downloaded the 2.exe and Hint.class files from the ftp
5. We changed a jump within 2.exe using cutter to force a password from the file
6. Using java reflection, ran the setlength function of Hint.class with a parameter of 1000
7. We then ran the Hint function, which returned a larged instructional body of text
8. We used a python script called Pass_Crack.py which combined the top 100 most common passwords into a combination of 2 words with 2 integers in between them to find the password for the encrypted pdf.


Contribution:
Kaylee: 
Logged into the ftp server and navigated, also used program 3 to find the user and password needed to get into the correct ftp. 

Andrew:
Helped search ftp server, Also helped cutter 2.exe.

Tim:
Wrote javaReflection program to find the supersecretfunction and the message. Used cutter to find the ip for the ftp server.

Hayden:
I found the zip file's password using lostmypass.com, I helped find 2.exe and Hint.java, and I maintained the git throughout the challenge 

Tommy:
Used Kaylee's Program 3 to accesss the ftp server and decode the permissions of the files. Used a javaReflection program to change the length parameter in the secret function to get the message.

John:
John navigated throught the ftp server using ls -al to find the hidden directories which lead to 2.exe and Hint.class.
He also wrote Pass_Crack.py to get the password for final.pdf using the database from the top 100 passwords on github and the encrypted password from the .exe

Gabe:
This challenge I was not able to contribute as much as I would have liked because I had some problems with my VM
and with my computer deleting the 1.exe file. When I was able to get it working properly I helped look through
the 1.exe file for a password. I also helped log into the ftp server once the IP was found in the 1.exe file.

